Key,File,Type,UsedInMainMenu,NoTranslate,english
mistaFridgeDesc,blocks,block,,,A place to store food and drink.
mistaFridge02Desc,blocks,block,,,A stainless steel fridge with plenty of room to store food.
storageRetroFridge,blocks,block,,,Retro Fridge
tractorBlue,blocks,block,,,Blue Tractor
tractorGreen,blocks,block,,,Green Tractor 
tractorRed,blocks,block,,,Red Tractor 
tractorWhite,blocks,block,,,White Tractor
abandonedPickupTruck01DoorBlue,blocks,block,,,Blue Abandoned Pickup Truck
abandonedPickupTruck01DoorBrown,blocks,block,,,Brown Abandoned Pickup Truck
abandonedPickupTruck01DoorGreen,blocks,block,,,Green Abandoned Pickup Truck
abandonedPickupTruck01DoorGrey,blocks,block,,,Grey Abandoned Pickup Truck
abandonedPickupTruck01DoorOrange,blocks,block,,,Orange Abandoned Pickup Truck
abandonedPickupTruck01DoorPink,blocks,block,,,Pink Abandoned Pickup Truck
abandonedPickupTruck01DoorPurple,blocks,block,,,Purple Abandoned Pickup Truck
abandonedPickupTruck01DoorRed,blocks,block,,,Red Abandoned Pickup Truck
abandonedPickupTruck01DoorWhite,blocks,block,,,White Abandoned Pickup Truck
abandonedPickupTruck01DoorYellow,blocks,block,,,Yellow Abandoned Pickup Truck
abandonedPickupTruck3Wide01Blue,blocks,block,,,Blue Abandoned Pickup Truck
abandonedPickupTruck3Wide01Brown,blocks,block,,,Brown Abandoned Pickup Truck
abandonedPickupTruck3Wide01DoorBlue,blocks,block,,,Blue Abandoned Pickup Truck
abandonedPickupTruck3Wide01DoorBrown,blocks,block,,,Brown Abandoned Pickup Truck
abandonedPickupTruck3Wide01DoorGreen,blocks,block,,,Green Abandoned Pickup Truck
abandonedPickupTruck3Wide01DoorGrey,blocks,block,,,Grey Abandoned Pickup Truck
abandonedPickupTruck3Wide01DoorOrange,blocks,block,,,Orange Abandoned Pickup Truck
abandonedPickupTruck3Wide01DoorPink,blocks,block,,,Pink Abandoned Pickup Truck
abandonedPickupTruck3Wide01DoorPurple,blocks,block,,,Purple Abandoned Pickup Truck
abandonedPickupTruck3Wide01DoorRed,blocks,block,,,Red Abandoned Pickup Truck
abandonedPickupTruck3Wide01DoorWhite,blocks,block,,,White Abandoned Pickup Truck
abandonedPickupTruck3Wide01DoorYellow,blocks,block,,,Yellow Abandoned Pickup Truck
abandonedPickupTruck3Wide01Green,blocks,block,,,Green Abandoned Pickup Truck
abandonedPickupTruck3Wide01Grey,blocks,block,,,Grey Abandoned Pickup Truck
abandonedPickupTruck3Wide01Orange,blocks,block,,,Orange Abandoned Pickup Truck
abandonedPickupTruck3Wide01Pink,blocks,block,,,Pink Abandoned Pickup Truck
abandonedPickupTruck3Wide01Purple,blocks,block,,,Purple Abandoned Pickup Truck
abandonedPickupTruck3Wide01Red,blocks,block,,,Red Abandoned Pickup Truck
abandonedPickupTruck3Wide01White,blocks,block,,,White Abandoned Pickup Truck
abandonedPickupTruck3Wide01Yellow,blocks,block,,,Yellow Abandoned Pickup Truck
abandonedSUV01DoorsBlue,blocks,block,,,Blue Abandoned SUV
abandonedSUV01DoorsBrown,blocks,block,,,Brown Abandoned SUV
abandonedSUV01DoorsGreen,blocks,block,,,Green Abandoned SUV
abandonedSUV01DoorsGrey,blocks,block,,,Grey Abandoned SUV
abandonedSUV01DoorsOrange,blocks,block,,,Orange Abandoned SUV
abandonedSUV01DoorsPink,blocks,block,,,Pink Abandoned SUV
abandonedSUV01DoorsPurple,blocks,block,,,Purple Abandoned SUV
abandonedSUV01DoorsRed,blocks,block,,,Red Abandoned SUV
abandonedSUV01DoorsWhite,blocks,block,,,White Abandoned SUV
abandonedSUV01DoorsYellow,blocks,block,,,Yellow Abandoned SUV
abandonedSUV3Wide01Blue,blocks,block,,,Blue Abandoned SUV
abandonedSUV3Wide01Brown,blocks,block,,,Brown Abandoned SUV
abandonedSUV3Wide01DoorsBlue,blocks,block,,,Blue Abandoned SUV
abandonedSUV3Wide01DoorsBrown,blocks,block,,,Brown Abandoned SUV
abandonedSUV3Wide01DoorsGreen,blocks,block,,,Green Abandoned SUV
abandonedSUV3Wide01DoorsGrey,blocks,block,,,Grey Abandoned SUV
abandonedSUV3Wide01DoorsOrange,blocks,block,,,Orange Abandoned SUV
abandonedSUV3Wide01DoorsPink,blocks,block,,,Pink Abandoned SUV
abandonedSUV3Wide01DoorsPurple,blocks,block,,,Purple Abandoned SUV
abandonedSUV3Wide01DoorsRed,blocks,block,,,Red Abandoned SUV
abandonedSUV3Wide01DoorsWhite,blocks,block,,,White Abandoned SUV
abandonedSUV3Wide01DoorsYellow,blocks,block,,,Yellow Abandoned SUV
abandonedSUV3Wide01Green,blocks,block,,,Green Abandoned SUV
abandonedSUV3Wide01Grey,blocks,block,,,Grey Abandoned SUV
abandonedSUV3Wide01Orange,blocks,block,,,Orange Abandoned SUV
abandonedSUV3Wide01Pink,blocks,block,,,Pink Abandoned SUV
abandonedSUV3Wide01Purple,blocks,block,,,Purple Abandoned SUV
abandonedSUV3Wide01Red,blocks,block,,,Red Abandoned SUV
abandonedSUV3Wide01White,blocks,block,,,White Abandoned SUV
abandonedSUV3Wide01Yellow,blocks,block,,,Yellow Abandoned SUV
4x4Static,blocks,block,,,4x4 Truck
bicycleStatic,blocks,block,,,Bicycle
gyrocopterStatic,blocks,block,,,Gyrocopter
minibikeStatic,blocks,block,,,Minibike
motorcycleStatic,blocks,block,,,Motorcycle
busCityTraderOnly,blocks,block,,,Bob's Bus
cntClothesRackRectangleEmpty2,blocks,block,,,Clothes Rack
cntClothesRackRectangleEmptyMilitary,blocks,block,,,Military Clothes Rack
traderClothesRackRoundEmptyMilitary,blocks,block,,,Military Clothes Rack
traderShelvesMetalEmpty,blocks,block,,,Metal Shelves
traderShelvesMetalFullA,blocks,block,,,Metal Shelves
traderShelvesWoodEmpty,blocks,block,,,Wood Shelves
traderShelvesWoodFullA,blocks,block,,,Wood Shelves
traderShelvesFreeStandingEmpty,blocks,block,,,Wood Shelves
traderShelvesFreeStandingFullA,blocks,block,,,Wood Shelves
traderMilitaryGoodsA,blocks,block,,,Trader Military Goods
traderMilitaryGoodsB,blocks,block,,,Trader Military Goods
traderMilitaryGoodsC,blocks,block,,,Trader Military Goods
traderMilitaryGoodsD,blocks,block,,,Trader Military Goods
traderMilitaryMetalShelvesEmpty,blocks,block,,,Metal Shelves
traderMilitaryMetalShelvesFull,blocks,block,,,Metal Shelves
cntTraderSuperChest,blocks,block,,,Trader's Stash Chest
traderClothesShelfHalfShirts01,blocks,block,,,Clothes Shelf
traderClothesShelfHalfShirts02,blocks,block,,,Clothes Shelf
traderClothesShelfStackShirts01,blocks,block,,,Clothes Shelf
traderClothesShelfStackShirts02,blocks,block,,,Clothes Shelf


 